Cal Poly Pomona is ranked No. 2 Best Colleges for Veterans in the West in the U.S. News & World Report’s
2024 U.S. Best Colleges ranking. The list’s western region covers 15 states, and 115 schools were ranked.
This fall, more than 1,600 military affiliated students are enrolled, including veterans, active military service
members and military dependents. The Veterans Resource Center (VRC) is their central resource for
information, guidance and community in their educational journey.
“The center provides military affiliated students a place where they can connect and engage as a community,”
said Elke Azpeitia, director of the VRC. “It’s an opportunity for them to discover what it means to be a
military-affiliated Bronco and how their experiences bring value inside and outside of the classroom
environment.”
VRC services include:
 Peer support, counseling and guidance
 Assistance with navigating policies and processes
 Connection with other veterans; Referrals to campus and off-campus programs and services
 Peer support, counseling and guidance
 Assistance with navigating policies and processes
 Connection with other veterans; Referrals to campus and off-campus programs and services
Cedrick N. Moreno-Rodriguez, who joined the Marine Corps Reserves in 2020, has appreciated the center’s
career support, including VRC-specific career fairs, resume reviews, and providing a detailed and honest
evaluation for his application to Officer Candidate School, which he will attend this summer.
“Seeing how many companies are interested in hiring vets and getting to speak with them face to face is very
inspiring and has opened my options for a future career opportunity in the field that I want.”
The VRC is also a place of connection and collaboration.
“If I ever feel like I have hit a wall on a homework problem or a project, I know there is someone at the VRC
that has the expertise I need,” said Nikole Sauter, Navy veteran and a senior in manufacturing engineering.
Agribusiness junior Clare Corley, whose father is in the Naval Reserves, has also found a community with the
students and the staff, many of whom share her experience of being a military dependent.
“I use the center as a home base...[and while] I am not a veteran myself, I have loved being immersed in the
military culture at the Veterans Resource Center these last few years. ... While my dad was deployed in the
Navy this last year, the students and staff of the VRC supported me academically, personally, and
professionally and gave me a safe space to miss my dad as well as have a good time,” said Corley, who also
serves as a lead veteran advisor at the VRC.
U.S. Army Reservist and CPP ROTC Cadet Angelique Moreno, sophomore majoring in criminology,
considers the VRC a “home-away-from-home” where she has met a diverse group of people who provide
motivation and support.
“From free scantrons to printing, or even just chargers for my phone/laptop, the VRC is prepared to help their
students in any way possible,” Moreno said. “There is no shortage of educational opportunities/events from the
VRC where I can expand my knowledge and professional networks.”
The quality of a Cal Poly Pomona education, its support of all students and its success in helping students
graduate and find career success, has been noted by several rankings so far this year.
This year’s U.S. News analysis also ranked CPP No. 2 Top Public School in the West, No. 3 among Best
Regional Universities West and tied for No. 4 among Top Performers on Social Mobility – West.
Earlier this month, Cal Poly Pomona was listed at No. 11 on The Wall Street Journal Social Mobility ranking,
and Washington Monthly rated it the No. 1 polytechnic university and No. 14 on its “2023 Best Bang for the
Buck Rankings: West” compilation.
POSTED IN NEWS
